API Update API to reflect changes to CLI interaction (#201)
silverstripe/silverstripe-staticpublishqueue: docs/en/building_the_cache.md

## OnAfterPublish Hook

This calls `urlsToCache()` on a page after it is published. By default, it will cache
only its own URL and the ones of its parents. These URLs are added to a
`GenerateStaticCacheJob` to be executed on the next run.

To alter which URLs are sent to be cached, you should override the `urlsToCache()`
method.

## Full Site Build

You can generate cache files for the entire site via the `StaticCacheFullBuildJob`.
This can either be queued up from the QueuedJobs interface or via the task

> `sake tasks:static-cache-full-build`. This task also takes a parameter `--startAfter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sake tasks:StaticCacheFullBuildTask`. This task also takes a parameter `--startAfter`
```

which can delay the execution of the job. The parameter should be in HHMM format,
e.g. to start after 2pm, pass `--startAfter=1400`. If it's already after the proposed
time on the current day, it will push it to the next day.

If you want to do a full site build on a cron, you should do so via the task. An
example configuration would be:

```bash
# build the cache at 1am every day

> 0 1 * * * www-data vendor/bin/sake tasks:static-cache-full-build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0 1 * * * www-data vendor/bin/sake tasks:StaticCacheFullBuildTask
```
